this is the first year that Hyundai
started selling their Genesis sedan as
you can see on the show floor there are
several really good-looking highly tuned
examples of this breakthrough products
the big news however is right here up on
their stage this is the arcade sport
Genesis sedan Hyundai powertrain tooks a
4.6 liter towel v8 and added the
supercharger and cylinder deactivation
they claim it's the first time in
history that a production engine has had
a supercharger and cylinder deactivation
what is it good for while a staggering
amount of power the base town v8 has 375
horsepower this supercharged version
makes 460 horsepower
it also has 8 percent better fuel
economy they claimed 18 miles per gallon
in the city and 27 on the highway that
rivals the 3.8 liter v6 of course that's
not the biggest news here for Hyundai
the big news is their Hyundai Genesis
Coupe and there's some more examples
including this one but by Reese melon
racing now as you can see just by taking
a look here this is a very serious race
car it's covered in dry carbon it's
wider by about one to two inches it's
got a chromoly steel cage inside and
it's been completely reworked for fake
say either drifting or time-attack
whether Hyundai goes into serious racing
remains to be seen but all we know is
that this new Genesis Coupe is going to
be a great platform for the tuner why
because it's lightweight it's rear-wheel
drive and it features two very tunable
engines a 2.0 liter turbocharged engine
and a 3.8 liter v6 let's take a look at
some of the street tuned examples now
this is a very important vehicle for
Hyundai in that this is the first time
they've teamed up with a major Japanese
aftermarket supplier HKS is one of the
most renowned brands in performance
tuning and this cars fully outfitted
with top aligned HKS parts including
suspension airbox intake a full number
of performance features it also has a
Ken style body kit and raised wheels
overall a very impressive looking
vehicle that's sure to be a hit on the
streets